while returning to the situation on the
ground in Gaza and the international
charity Oxfam is warning that Israel is
using starvation as a weapon of War it
says just 2% of the regular food supply
has been delivered to Gaza since
Israel's Siege on the territory around
60 trucks containing food have so far
been allowed into Gaza over the past few
days 60 that's compared to more than 100
every day before the war Oxfam says 2.3
million Palestinians are being
collectively punished in contravention
of international humanitarian law
Russell s has mon on a group of
Volunteers in the ashati refugee camp in
K yunes providing food to families there
in
need tens of thousands of displaced
Palestinians are living in this camp set
up by the UN relief and works agency in
Kan yunes they left their homes in the
northern Gaza Street to escape Israeli
air
strikes many have lost family members
now they're facing
starvation a group of volunteers is led
by Abu Ibrahim is hoping to ease some of
the suffering they are handing out bean
and lanter
soup I used to live in another refugee
camp but my family and I were forced to
move here due to the merciless Israeli
bombardment many families were displaced
here too the initiative was started by
another displaced Palestinian with an
extended family of 50 mine is a family
of 10 we volunteered to prepare meals
for the residents of this
Camp hundreds of trucks carrying
humanitarian Aid are waiting at raah
border crossing with Egypt but only a
few dozen have been allowed to enter
Gaza in the past few
days according to the UN that is just 2%
of the average Food Supplies that will
have been delivered before the war
humanitarian agency Oxfam says
starvation is being used as a weapon of
War our ability to assess the situation
with very precise data is extremely
difficult to really and we can't reach
people we can't reach affected
communities to also do those assessments
to understand really how much supplies
do they have left I would expect that
people from um with better incomes might
have more supplies but people that are
struggling knowing that more than half
of Gaza is lives under the poverty line
are already
starving the drinking water is polluted
and food stocks are running
now a number of kind individuals are
donating some food supplies we are
cooking simple meals with ingredients we
can get our hands on we serve a total of
500 people a day it gives us a sense of
unity the Palestinian Water Authority
says gaza's Water Production has fallen
to a mere 5% of the average total
because dis Elation plants need fuel to
operate non-stop Israeli air strikes
have either damaged or completely
destroyed bakeries and
supermarkets without food and water life
for millions of pales Ians is hanging in
the
balance s Al